# Shoppinglist Mini Software

## Project Desciption
You continue your successful career in the small software company that focuses on creating programs that are used at high schools to teach mathematical concepts. There is an old application that learners can use to practice addition, subtraction, and multiplication of decimal numbers. The application simulates a practical task of summing up item prices on a shopping list. The application enables the instructors or learners themselves to construct a pool of items with prices. The pool is then used to construct a shopping list, consisting of randomly selected items, with quantities (e.g., "2x milk") and prices. One of the prices on the list is replaced by question marks. The task for a learner is to determine the correct price of the item. The application evaluates the correctness of the answer and provides feedback to a learner. The goal of the application is to engage the learners by demonstrating practical applications of mathematics and, hence, motivate them to practice.

The application is old and it only has a command-line interface (CLI). The plan is to develop a graphical user interface (GUI) for the application. However, before that happens, the application code base needs to be reviewed, reorganized, and cleaned so that it is more readable and easier to maintain. This will be your task. Specifically, you will first review the application code base and identify any existing issues. If you find any problems you will need to fix them. Then, you will restructure (refactor) the code base to turn the CLI application into a Python module that can be used as the basis of developing a GUI application. You will also assess the application in terms of its robustness, and where needed you will need to make it capable of handling erroneous or invalid input from a user. Once this is all done, you will need to make sure the application code is clean and that it follows the established coding conventions. You will implement a test suite for the application to ensure that it is working as expected as well as improve its future maintainability. Finally, you will bundle the code as a Python package that can then be shared with the developer who will implement the GUI component.
